Lease Count Quotas: include error message in docs (#25570)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/lease-count-quotas.mdx

[metrics](/vault/docs/internals/telemetry/metrics/core-system#quota-metrics)
and through enabling optional audit logging.

## Lease count quota exceeded

> When the Lease Count Quota is exceeded, Vault will emit a `429 - Too Many
> Requests`, indicating that new leases are in violation of the quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault returns a `429 - Too Many Requests` response if a new lease request violates the quota limit.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, simplify sentences

```

> * lease count quota exceeded

Reviewer 2: I don't know and am not an expert on this but you might need more of the error for it to show up in search results.

Reviewer 3: This is an interesting point. I just tried searching on the Vercel preview and didn't get a hit. I'm not sure if the Vercel previews use the same search index as the deployed doc site though.

Author: Yeah, definitely a good call-out. I'll look into this, thanks @mladlow  (also thank you for the idea to include this in the docs in the first place). 😄

Reviewer 2: I was thinking more for Google indexing than our indexing, but sadly don't have a good grasp of how it works.

Author: @schavis indicated that the best SEO trick would be to have the exact error message in a top-level heading. I assume having internal links will help with that as well! 🤞

```

> This error is a call to action to identify the root cause and either:
> 
> 1. Address any client-side errors leading to excessive lease creation.
> 2. Properly tune the Lease Count Quota to accomodate any expected increase in
>    lease creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the error:

1. Check for client-side errors that result in excessive lease creation requests
   and correct them.
1. Tune your lease count quota to accommodate any expected increases in lease
   creation. For example, due to new feature releases or an increase in users.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in active voice, avoid language that suggests users have done something "wrong" (e.g., "properly tune")
